The Joe Rogan experience.
When you first go, I went to, so when I moved to New York,
I went to Boston comedy club and I barked and handed out flyers. Oh,
did you do that? I did exactly what I did it with Pete Holmes, his show.
I did exactly that show. So, uh, with Pete, he got me,
I moved like five months after Pete did. And he was like,
I'm barking at this club. And so I was like, all right, I'll go do that.
I remember just standing on the corner. It taught me to learn to like,
when I have goals and comedy, he was like learning just to have little goals.
Like I never set big goals. I always set just a goal that I can get.
And then I was like, I don't want to be on this corner. So it was like,
how do I get off this corner?
And then he was like, you just want to go stand in the door? Like, I just,
I would like at that moment,
dream of just being able to take people's tickets at the door. Right.
And so you're like, and you're just, you know, hand these flyers out.
People are just dropping them in front of your face. Like, no one cares, dude.
Like just throwing off. It's like 25 degrees out here, like, eh,
and, uh, uh, and so, but I was at Boston. So Chappelle used to always come by.
This is 2004 or five.
So Chappelle would always come by and do spots. He'd go up in front of six,
seven people. No one was there and then we'd go outside and just say, Hey,
Chappelle's on stage.
This was when Chappelle show has already been off the air. No.
It's it's right before he ended it. Oh, right before it was on.
Wow. He would come.
I remember him coming and having like white makeup on his neck.
Like if you played like a white person that's Chappelle's show and he would
still have it on, you know, cause he'd come from there to, uh,
straight to the club. And so we'd go up at Boston and we would,
everybody would go on stage. And I remember I'll never forget these one people,
they walked by and I said, Hey, Dave, Chappelle's on stage.
If y'all go watch for free, you know,
and Boston comedy club member had those steps and there was a window and they
go, I don't believe you. I was like, well, I'm at a comedy club.
So I was like, he's in there. Just go look in the window. If he's not there,
then don't go in. And they were like, no, I left.
I think about those people every day, they could have watched your.
Belt from free those people in that 500 bucks, those 500.
Bucks, we bring, I bring it up to my wife every day. And those people to.
I did a Dave show when he was in New York, uh, when we did this,
this fear factor episode and the way Tyrone big ones was on fear factor. And,
uh, it was in a warehouse in the middle of the winter, freezing cold,
no heat in the warehouse. So we had these little blast furnace, you know,
those things that they do on sets where.
It's like.
Those things that are blowing hot air out. And you know,
you just stand in front of that until it was time to do the scene and then you'd
go out there and do the scene and everybody would run back and stand in front of
the blast furnaces.
But he was in character the whole day as Tyrone becomes.
Like.
He was having so much fun.
Yeah. He was, I mean, watching him, he would come by and you know,
and he would go up for awhile. He hosted one, uh, when, uh,
I think it's when Boston switched to the comedy village,
like he was like run my buddy, Dustin Shaffer is the one that got us.
He was running the Boston at the time.
And then it switched to comedy village ever sold it.
But then Chappelle came by one night and hosted for everybody. Like all the,
even the open mic guys, they were going up.
Cause he would come up and just do whatever, obviously whatever he wanted.
And uh, it was and getting to see that bill Burr was a big deal for me. Uh,
Patrice O'Neil. I used to sit in Patrice,
his car cause he would park it out front of the Boston.
He couldn't park there and he'd go on stage and I would sit in his car.
And so if a cop came,
I would just drive his car around and wait until he got done. Wow.
I went to there.
I saw burn Patrice where everybody's a big deal, but they were,
they were big for me because when I went to New York, you know,
at that time 2005, something like that there, you know,
bird's just a comic that people know him in New York, but he's not,
he's not doing, he's not what he is now obviously. And uh,
so they would come by and they would run their HBO one night stands for these 30
minutes specials. And I remember a timed, Patrice is one night.
He didn't ask me, by the way, just like a young comic being like,
I'll time it for you. And then he gets off and like, this is,
I have no concept of being on TV.
I think like he has to do 30 to the Don. And I tell him afterwards, it's like,
that was like 34 minutes. And he just like looked at me and walked away.
There was no reason for me. I mean,
I was so embarrassed about doing it and now I know,
but it was like at the time I was just trying to be, uh, you know, a good comic.
And like.
Did you see his, uh, the comedy central documentary they did about him?
I haven't watched it yet. I haven't got to watch it.
I haven't either. I haven't either, but I will make, make myself for sure.
But I've seen so many of his sets. He was a guy. He was,
he was for sure when we grades for sure.
But he was maybe even more importantly, he was a cornerstone of not giving a.
Yeah. You know what I mean? Like you had to have a guy like that.
That was in the elite standup comics. Like
what the are you talking about? And you,
you needed a guy like that to have a great point.
Like really well thought out point. That was hilarious.
That showed you why you shouldn't care or why something was stupid. Yeah.
Like I remember, um, there was some controversy about, uh,
Opie and Anthony and he went on some show and some,
one woman was saying that certain jokes could never be funny. And you know,
and, and he went and said like a joke that was on that subject.
That was funny. And then, and he was like, look at all.
But this is a point that he had.
That's like a really good point that I stick with to this day. It's like,
it all comes from the same place,
whether the joke is funny or the joke is not whether it's offensive or whether
it's hilarious and non-offensive, it's coming from the same place.
You're just trying to be funny. And when you're a comic,
you understand that because like,
you'll say something that some people might find offensive,
but the only reason why you're saying it is not because you're trying to be
mean, you're saying, cause you think there's some funny in there,
like you're trying to find the funny and sometimes like you'll slip and it
doesn't doesn't work at all. And so.
It's very, agreeable is not funny. Right? Yeah.
And like the whole point of it is I can't agree with you.
Comedy is all built from, so does, if someone like, there'll be like, oh,
you're being mean to him. You're like, well, I don't know.
That's what comedy's mean. Sometimes it's mean, I,
I tell a joke where I said I did something, my dad,
but I came out and I did a show. These people didn't expect a comedy.
So they didn't know I was a comedian. And I started telling my act,
they don't know what I'm doing.
So it just sounds like I'm doing a mean speech because that's what comedy is.
If you have no, if there's no context to it, right. Like this guy's the worst.
And you're like, oh, but if I, if I just told them I was the comedian,
they would be like, oh, okay. They get it. I still live to this day.
By some Patrice said it was. So I was, uh,
I just kind of started with a big J uh,
Kurt Metzker Courbet's rally. One of em, Kurt and big,
big J were to one of the comics ever saw that. I just was like,
really where I was like, you moved to New York and you're like, oh man,
this is like the real, like, these guys are like really good.
Have you been paying attention? What massacres? Dealing with a Kyle Dunnigan.
Yeah.
Yeah. That scares one of the, I mean, one of the funniest guys I've ever,
I super smart. I remember watching him, uh, at the very beginning. I, I,
he, he would take me down the road. We'd do like these old weird gigs.
And so he would just call me as opener.
And I'm like friends with Kurt at this point.
I drove him to the gig and we'd be in the elevator and he's just on the phone.
He was like, what's that? No, I'm sitting here with my opener. I'm like, Curt,
just say my buddy, like, you know, like, we're,
it's not like I'm opening for like, you know, Seinfeld or something. Like,
it's like, you're, you're getting paid $800 for this weekend.
Like he just told me that to my face. And I got him in that room though.
Cause he, we were, we, we shared a hotel room. That's the word,
like the gig we're doing. And he goes to put, uh, we're going to the bathroom.
And he's like, is this lotion? And I would always just like mess with him.
Or if he asked a dumb question, he goes, this is, I need lotion. As it says,
conditioner. And I go, that's it it's conditioner for your skin.
And I just tell him that. And then I walk in there and he's just rubbing,
conditioner all over his body.
And then we had to go do radio and we had an avenue. He was, he was he's.
That's why he called me opener. He's a brilliant guy.
He's an odd duck. The moment I met him, the first time I met him,
I met him in Montreal. Uh, Ari introduced me to him and he goes, Hey, what's up?
And then he goes, Hey, what are you doing for your hair?
Your hair's falling out. He'd do anything for it. I was like, whoa. I go,
yeah, I'm minoxidil. All kinds of. He's like, yeah, me too. It was like,
literally the first words out of his mouth. I guy, man, he's just a,
he's got an interesting way of looking at things, but he's also got a,
a brilliant perspective because he grew up in a cult, you know?
And because he grew up in a call, it's like,
he sees a lot of those same patterns in like woke thinking.
And he's like,
like where you can't question certain ideologies and he gets really angry.
Cause I know, I know what the this is because I grew up with this. Yeah.
What was he? A Jehovah's witness. Yeah. That was it. What? Right. Yeah.
And you know his stories about growing up as a Jehovah's witness for fun.
I mean, can you imagine that coming to your door? Hey,
what are you doing with your hair? That's the first thing he says. You're like,
oh.
Well he's just, I dunno. I'm so happy. He's around though.
He's made me so happy at the comedy store whenever I talk to him.
Uh, unbelievable. And when I watched him at the very beginning, uh,
the Patrice thing, so Jay was, we used to go to Patricia's house for, uh,
uh, like 4th of July or something. He always had a party at his house.
And so I w got invited in Jay. Uh, and then someone,
I got into it with someone else, one of Patricia's friends basically.
And he was like, he told Jay, Hey, Patrice,
doesn't want Nate to come to the party. And uh,
then Jay calls Patrice and is like, uh, well,
the context of this too is like, so Patrice had always asked me,
I grew up in the south. Like I grew up, you know, Christian in the south,
typical Southern upbringing, going to church, all this stuff.
So Patrice do that. And he would ask me like,
do you believe in dinosaurs and stuff?
And I would just go with what I would say, no, I believe. But like, it was,
you know, I was like, I don't want to just say no,
like I'm not going to give him what he wants. Right.
Cause then he would make fun of you anyway. So I would always do that.
And so then, uh, so Jay calls him and says, Hey, uh,
our other guy says that Nate can't come to your house for that party.
And Patrice was like, what? He goes, I didn't say that. He goes,
that dude doesn't believe in dinosaurs. You don't think I want that in my house.
I want that all over my house. He goes,
he could come to the party and I've lived my life by that,
with that I open mindness to go. If someone came up to me was like,
I don't believe in the moon. I'd rather talk to that guy.
Then a guy that does believe in the moon.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan express.